save smooth_params and interpolate_nans in params dict (#31)
fjhheras/trajectorytools: README.rst

.. _directory examples: trajectorytools/examples
.. _data: trajectorytools/data

---
**NOTE**

> Note that, due to the computation of velocities and accelerations the
> `traj` object has N-2 frames. By default the missing frames correspond
> to the first and last frames of the video. If you used passed the option
> `"only_past":True` in the `smooth_params`, the missing frames correspond
> to the first two frames of the video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, when using constructors like `from_idtrackerai` and `from_positions`, 
we need to calculate velocity and accelerations from positions. As a result, the
`traj` object has 2 frames less than the original positions array. By default, the 
missing frames correspond to the first and last frames of the video. If you used 
the option `"only_past":True` in `smooth_params`, the missing frames correspond
to the first two frames of the video.
```
